HAAAAAPPPPPPPPPPPYYYYYYYYYYYYYY BIRTHHHHDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY MOIIIIIIII DOOOOOORRRRRLINGGGGG POOOOOOOOMPPPPPKINNNNNNN BABYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY !!!!!!!!!!!!!

There's so many things I wanna tell you, and even then it'll not be enough to tell you how stewpidly I love you. The past year and some change, has definitely been the best and brightest times in my life, and there's no doubt in my mind that it's because you're in it. Meeting you, getting to know you and falling in love with you have undoubtedly been the biggest achievements I've ever achieved.

You're an amaaazing hooman and I'm sooo overjoyed to get to be called your boiifriend hehehehehe, it makes me absolutely giddy, and every single day that I'm with you, feels like a day worth it. That being said, I too wish that we lived closer, and got to meet every day or so. Sure, long distance has definitely brought us closer, in ways that wouldn't have been possible if we were closer together. Its got it's own perks yeah? Either way, I'm content with the way we are. I love the way we are. And you know what? I'm proud of us. We do really make a great couple. And there's no way I could've built this amazing castle with anyone else. Like I say sometimes, you've got magic, love.

And, well, I really wish that at least today I could be there with you and spend time with you, but, on a more positive note, we have, quite literally, the rest of our lives for that. And yes, I really do wanna spend my entire life with you boo. I really do. I can't wait lol. There's so much time for me to spoil you. Hehehehe.

Oh and I know you don't like being handed presents so I decided to not "present" anything right now, but, oh well, it doesn't have to be only your birthday for me to present you something. For now though, you have me love. Like, you have me AND you have all of my love. Both hehehehe. I trust you so much baby, and I know you trust me so much as well. I will always keep you safe, and protect you. You're my precious, after all.